                                         i am sanya nayyar studying in class 12 in 
                                                 manava bharti i.i school. 
                                                 i am currently preparing 
                                     for the cbse board examination. i live in savitri nagar, 
                                         near panchsheel park. i have five members
                                      in my family my parents, my brother and my grandmother. 
                                            my father is a director of a private 
                                  enterprise namely metromax infrastructutre pvt ltd. and also 
                                                  owns a foundation namely 
                                    jaagriti ek mashaal to help the needy ones in difficult times 
                                   like the pandemic. my mother is an insurance agent in the star
                                                health insurance company. 
                                        my brother is currently studying in 
                                           class 7th in the same school. 
                           my hobbies are writing articles as it allowes me to explore new things 
                                         and write in a creative way
                               way, and making power point presentations on various topics and 
                                              current affairs as it 
                                         develops my presnetaion skills and keeps me updated .
                                             i participate in many interhouse debate competitions, 
                                         poem recitations and have also done
                               anchoring in various events like annual days and sports competetions. 
                                                    i have received a lot 
                                  of certificates for participation in various drives, 
                                              like swacch bharat,
                               books and toys distribution to the needy children in which 
                                           i participated as a leader. i have
                                 always been the monitor of my class continuously for six years.
                                 i have also helped people during covid through
                              my father's foundation for which we all received a lot of 
                                         certificates of appreciation from
                                         various officials. i have also been 
                                               selected as the senior prefect
                                                   of my school in the year 
2                                     022 for my academic achievements which are my 
                                               tenth board marks, 
                                                my discipline and
                                          participationin extra curricular activities.  